docs/src/development/building_the_frontend.md, before:

# Building the frontend:

To buid the frontend properly a specific version of Node needs to be used.

- Setup node version manager (nvm) following instructions from [NVM github](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm)
- install nodejs 12 using the commands:
```
nvm install v12
nvm use v12
```
- Install Yarn on ubunut using:
```
sudo apt install yarn
```
- Install npm dependendencies using:

```
yarn install
```
- Start server with live code reload at [http://localhost:9000](http://localhost:9000):
```
yarn serve
```
- Run tests with:
```
yarn test
```

# Using the front end with different rezoning API deployment setting: 

- In app/scripts/config/ there are setting files for each envirnment type (local, production or staging).
- You can set which envirnment to use by setting NODE_ENV envirnment variable to "testing", "staging" or "development". 
- You can use a different MapBox key by writing a different mbToken in the config file.
- apiEndpoint in the settings file indicates the URL to the rezoning-explorer-api in use.

Commit message:

Add missing clone repository steps

docs/src/development/building_the_frontend.md, after:

# Clone the frontend:
First you need to fetch the source code for the frontend using the following command:
```
git clone https://github.com/worldbank/WB-rezoning-explorer.git
```
Move into the directory using:
```
cd WB-rezoning-explorer
```

# Building the frontend:

To buid the frontend properly a specific version of Node needs to be used.

- Setup node version manager (nvm) following instructions from [NVM github](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm)
- install nodejs 12 using the commands:
```
nvm install v12
nvm use v12
```
- Install Yarn on ubunut using:
```
npm install -g yarn
```
- Install npm dependendencies using:

```
yarn install
```
- Start server with live code reload at [http://localhost:9000](http://localhost:9000):
```
yarn serve
```
- Run tests with:
```
yarn test
```

# Using the front end with different rezoning API deployment setting: 

- In ```app/scripts/config/``` there are setting files for each envirnment type (local, production or staging).
- You can set which envirnment to use by setting NODE_ENV envirnment variable to "testing", "staging" or "development". 
- You can use a different MapBox key by writing a different mbToken in the config file.
- apiEndpoint in the settings file indicates the URL to the rezoning-explorer-api in use.
